Let me knock on the door, is there anyone?
What are you doing
It's us
We're here to marry your daughter
How are you
You are not dead
If I die
Who will propose marriage?
Let's do as we said before
In addition, I will add two more tanks of water and drink two bags of millet.
If you're careful with me tonight
I'll have someone bring food tomorrow
Tonight, I'm going to eat the owner's wedding wine
Okay, okay, okay, Wu.
You have offended the second young master of the Li family
I still want to marry my Xiaoting
I'll tell you what.
Where are you going back and forth?
Marry my Xiaoting
Don't wait.
You are afraid of offending the Li family
But I'm not afraid
I tell you the truth, Master Huang in the army
He is related to me
He will also come to my wedding reception tonight
With this relationship, the Li family refused to help me
You said that the dignified Master Huang is your sworn brother
Why don't you say the president is your father?
Open your eyes and tell lies
It's easy to deceive you when you are the old lady
Ah, slow down, hahahaha.
Don't look at it hahaha
Brother Zhang, what's the situation?
This
Isn't the eldest young master of the Li family the head of our county flat regiment?
Why is his own brother still beaten like this?
You don't know that, do you?
I saw it all
Let me tell you something.
What Wu Tian is the illegitimate son of the royal family
There is such a thing